Update nuget feed link (#10492)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/whats-new/index.md

This article does not provide comprehensive information about each new feature and is subject to change. For general information about the .NET Framework, see [Getting Started](../../../docs/framework/get-started/index.md). For supported platforms, see [System Requirements](~/docs/framework/get-started/system-requirements.md). For download links and installation instructions, see [Installation Guide](../../../docs/framework/install/guide-for-developers.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > The .NET Framework team also releases features out of band with NuGet to expand platform support and to introduce new functionality, such as immutable collections and SIMD-enabled vector types. For more information, see [Additional Class Libraries and APIs](../additional-apis/index.md) and [The .NET Framework and Out-of-Band Releases](~/docs/framework/get-started/the-net-framework-and-out-of-band-releases.md). See a [complete list of NuGet packages](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/dotnet/p/nugetpackages/) for the .NET Framework, or subscribe to [our feed](https://www.nuget.org/api/v2/curated-feeds/microsoftdotnet/Packages/).

Reviewer: There isn't a list of Nuget packages on that page referenced by the 3rd link.

> > The .NET Framework team also releases features out of band with NuGet to expand platform support and to introduce new functionality, such as immutable collections and SIMD-enabled vector types. For more information, see [Additional Class Libraries and APIs](../additional-apis/index.md) and [The .NET Framework and Out-of-Band Releases](~/docs/framework/get-started/the-net-framework-and-out-of-band-releases.md). See a [complete list of NuGet packages](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/dotnet/p/nugetpackages/) for the .NET Framework, or subscribe to [our feed](https://www.nuget.org/api/v2/curated-feeds/microsoftdotnet/Packages/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The .NET team also releases features out of band with NuGet to expand platform support and to introduce new functionality, such as immutable collections and SIMD-enabled vector types. For more information, see [Additional Class Libraries and APIs](../additional-apis/index.md) and [The .NET Framework and Out-of-Band Releases](~/docs/framework/get-started/the-net-framework-and-out-of-band-releases.md). See a [complete list of NuGet packages](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/dotnetframework).
```
